README.md, before:

# Code generation for event logging
EvGen - Event generator.  Useful tools to make contracts between analytics and developers.

Supported languages
   - swift
   - java
   - kotlin
   - type_script
   - java_script
   - с_sharp

## Prerequisites

- [python >= 3.8](https://www.python.org/downloads/)
- [poetry](https://python-poetry.org/docs/#installation)

## Installation

```sh
poetry install
```

Now you can use it from project package
> scripts to run defined in `pyproject.toml`
```sh
poetry run run_evgen # and additional arguments
```

If you want to install it globally then you have to build project
```sh
poetry build --format wheel
pip install ./dist/evgen-{PACKAGE_VERSION}-py3-none-any.whl
```


## Run generation
0. Create folder with:
    * events.yaml -- File with events specification
    * evgen.yaml -- Evgen config file
1.  ```run_evgen.py --events_path events.yaml --evgen_config_path evgen.yaml```
Examples of evgen.yaml can be found in tutorial/

Структура evgen.yaml

```code:
  $SubconfigName1:
    platform: 'Android'
    output_dir: 'android'
    language: 'java'
    class_name: 'EvgenAppAnalytics'

  ...

doc:
  Markdown:
    extension: 'md'
    output_dir: 'md_doc'
  Txt:
    extension: 'txt'
    output_dir: 'txt_doc'
```



## Check generated file consistency
Для CI может быть полезно проверять, что все файлы консистенты между собой (yaml и сгенерированные файлы) и сгенерированные файлы не изменены руками
```check_evgen_result.py --events_yaml_path events.yaml --evgen_config_path evgen.yaml```


## Authors:
Dmitry Zhukov, Yuriy Podorozhnyy, Konstantin Kiselev and Ilya Lobanov

With special thanks to Igor Kolodkin and Alexandar Baksheev

Commit message:

translate russian text and rm authors

README.md, after:

# Code generation for event logging
EvGen - Event generator.  Useful tools to make contracts between analytics and developers.

Supported languages
   - swift
   - java
   - kotlin
   - type_script
   - java_script
   - с_sharp

## Prerequisites

- [python >= 3.8](https://www.python.org/downloads/)
- [poetry](https://python-poetry.org/docs/#installation)

## Installation

```sh
poetry install
```

Now you can use it from project package
> scripts to run defined in `pyproject.toml`
```sh
poetry run run_evgen # and additional arguments
```

If you want to install it globally then you have to build project
```sh
poetry build --format wheel
pip install ./dist/evgen-{PACKAGE_VERSION}-py3-none-any.whl
```


## Run generation
0. Create folder with:
    * events.yaml -- File with events specification
    * evgen.yaml -- Evgen config file
1.  ```run_evgen.py --events_path events.yaml --evgen_config_path evgen.yaml```
Examples of evgen.yaml can be found in tutorial/

Structure of evgen.yaml

```code:
  $SubconfigName1:
    platform: 'Android'
    output_dir: 'android'
    language: 'java'
    class_name: 'EvgenAppAnalytics'

  ...

doc:
  Markdown:
    extension: 'md'
    output_dir: 'md_doc'
  Txt:
    extension: 'txt'
    output_dir: 'txt_doc'
```



## Check generated file consistency
It can be useful to check consistency of yaml-file and generated files. It guarantees that generated files were not changed manually:
```check_evgen_result.py --events_yaml_path events.yaml --evgen_config_path evgen.yaml```
